2014.2:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 2)
 * Added AZynq7030 device support
 * Added QArtix 50t device support
 * Enabled PIPE simulation and External PIPE interface support only when shared logic option Shared Logic (clocking) in example design is selected

2014.1:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Added Zynq7015 device support
 * Added 35t,50t and 75t support for Artix7l and Aartix7 devices
 * Added cpg236 and csg325 packages support for Artix7 devices
 * Enabled Tandem PROM configuration support for Zynq 7030 and for Zynq7045 devices
 * Enabled Tandem Configuration support for Kintex 420T device
 * Changed the directory structure of the core without affecting the design hierarchy

2013.4:
 * Version 3.0
 * Added XC7Z200TSBG484 device support
 * Added support Artix7 35t, 50t and 75t devices
 * Added port level enablement for icap and startup signal interfaces
 * Added 3 new ports - pipe_rxstatus, pipe_eyescandataerror and pipe_dmonitordout to the transceiver debug interface
 * Added logic to power down CPLL until it is required during the PCIe link bring-up

2013.3:
 * Version 2.2
 * Reduced Warnings in Simulations
 * Reduced Warnings in Synthesis
 * Implemented Shared Logic for Clocking and Transeciver GT Common blocks to include either in core or example design
 * Implemented Tarnsceiver Core Debug interface. Brought the debug signals to the port level
 * Brought the Ext GT DRP signals upto the core top port level
 * Added support for IPI integrator
 * Updated xdc to match IP hierarchy
 * Added support for Cadence IES and Synopsys VCS Simulators
 * Added support for upgrade from previous versions
 * Added support for Zynq 7100 device
 * Added new pages Shared Logic and Core interface Parameters in GUI in Advanced mode
 * Added Enablement of PCIe DRP interface and made the option true by default
 * PCIe Sideband interface is broken into several smaller interfaces to connect with DMA IP in IPI
 * Added support for External PIPE interface mode

2013.2:
 * Version 2.1
 * Enhancements in the Tandem Logic - added STARTUP Premitive and new ports related to this premitive (static ports)
 * Removed the redundant blocks related to Tandem configuration logic
 * Added AER_CAP_ECRC_GEN_CAPABLE parameter in XGUI
 * Added option to select the Internal or external clocking module (Parameter PCIE_EXT_CLK)
 * Marked Artix7 (fgg484 and fbg484) and Zynq devices as production. Added GES_and_Production option for Silicon_Rev parameter. Updated the Auto-Upgrade Script
 * Added support for Artix7 and Kintex7 Lowvoltage family
 * Shortened the example design xdc file name (PG updated)
 * IPI Level 0 Support
 * Added OOC flow support
 * Fixed CDC issues with GT wrappers
 * Removed the BETA tag for Tandem PROM and Tandem PCIe options
 * For x8g1, 128-bit interface width configuration, Removed the optional 250MHz. Updated the Auto-upgrade script

2013.1:
 * Version 2.0
 * Lower case ports for Verilog
 * Added Zynq Support
 * Fixed Reset Sequence issue with GTPs
 * Fixed TXOUTCLK flatline issue
 * Fixed the issue with GUI to select the optional frequency for g2x4, 128-bit configuration. Now the selection for 250Mhz optional frequency is removed as it is not supported configuration
 * Fixed XSIM issues with VHDL version of the core
 * Changed upper case portlevel signals to lower case (clocking interface for partial re-configuration and ICAP interface)
 * Added pipe_mmcm_rst_n signal at the port level as input in the core top file.
 * All Kintex devices, Virtex 2000T, Artix 100t/ffg676, 200T/fbg676,ffg1156 are marked as Production. Option is added in GUI to select GES_and_Production
 * Tandem Configuration - The option is enabled independent of the Dev board selection for Kintex 325/ffg900 and Virtex 485/ffg1761/PCIe Block X1Y0
 * Tandem Confguration - Create Bin files for stage 2, Back Up & restore of bitstream generation settings

(c) Copyright 2002 - 2014 Xilinx, Inc. All rights reserved.

This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and
international copyright and other intellectual property
laws.

DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer is not a license and does not grant any
rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by
Xilinx, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-
INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort,
including negligence, or under any other theory of
liability) for any loss or damage of any kind or nature
related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect,
special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage
(including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any type of
loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought
by a third party) even if such damage or loss was
reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been advised of the
possibility of the same.

CRITICAL APPLICATIONS
Xilinx products are not designed or intended to be fail-
safe, or for use in any application requiring fail-safe
performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities,
applications related to the deployment of airbags, or any
other applications that could lead to death, personal
injury, or severe property or environmental damage
(individually and collectively, "Critical
Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical
Applications, subject only to applicable laws and
regulations governing limitations on product liability.

THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS
PART OF THIS FILE AT ALL TIMES.
