2019.1:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 18)
 * General: Added support for automotive Kintex device

2018.3.1:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 17)
 * No changes

2018.3:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 17)
 * No changes

2018.2:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 17)
 * No changes

2018.1:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 17)
 * Bug Fix: updated linerates as per ds182.

2017.4:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 16)
 * No changes

2017.3:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 16)
 * No changes

2017.2:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 16)
 * No changes

2017.1:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 16)
 * Changed default value of RXDFEXYDEN to 1.
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.4:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 15)
 * Added synchronizer for reset signal in accumulator logic
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.3:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 14)
 * Added support for xc7k70tfbv485 device
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.2:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 13)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.1:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 12)
 * Removed redudant rxoutclkfabric and txoutclkfabric pins
 * Added a new BUFG instance for the input of MMCM clock input for system clock divider
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2015.4.2:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 11)
 * No changes

2015.4.1:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 11)
 * No changes

2015.4:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 11)
 * Added device support for Zynq Extensions to include lower power additions Zynq 7Z100.
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2015.3:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 10)
 * Updated some procs for REFCLK selection updation.
 * IP revision number added to HDL module, library, and include file names, to support designs with both locked and upgraded IP instances

2015.2.1:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 9)
 * No changes

2015.2:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 9)
 * Fixed issue of REFCLK selection getting set to default if refclk order is changed from bottom to top.

2015.1:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 8)
 * Added Device Support for new FBV and FFV packages

2014.4.1:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 7)
 * No changes

2014.4:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 7)
 * Added Device Support for Software Virtual Devices xc7z035* and low power speed grade -2LI.
 * Encrypted source files are concatenated together to reduce the number of files and to reduce simulator compile time

2014.3:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 6)
 * Added Device Support for xq7v585trf1157-1I part

2014.2:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 5)
 * Added Device Support for new Zynq Automative and Defence grade parts
 * Fixed TIMING DRC violations in IBERT IP and added ASYNC_REG property on register which has double synchronizer in CDC paths

2014.1:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 4)
 * Repackaged to improve internal automation, no functional changes

2013.4:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 3)
 * No Changes

2013.3:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 2)
 * Added new device support for xc7z030fbg484.

2013.2:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Added new device support for qvirtex7, kintex7l, qzynq and zynq-100 families.
 * Changed FB484 package of XQ7Z030 to RB484.

2013.1:
 * Version 3.0
 * Native Vivado Release
 * There have been no functional or interface changes to this IP.  The version number has changed to support unique versioning in Vivado starting with 2013.1.

(c) Copyright 2000 - 2019 Xilinx, Inc. All rights reserved.

This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and
international copyright and other intellectual property
laws.

DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer is not a license and does not grant any
rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by
Xilinx, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-
INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort,
including negligence, or under any other theory of
liability) for any loss or damage of any kind or nature
related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect,
special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage
(including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any type of
loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought
by a third party) even if such damage or loss was
reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been advised of the
possibility of the same.

CRITICAL APPLICATIONS
Xilinx products are not designed or intended to be fail-
safe, or for use in any application requiring fail-safe
performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities,
applications related to the deployment of airbags, or any
other applications that could lead to death, personal
injury, or severe property or environmental damage
(individually and collectively, "Critical
Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical
Applications, subject only to applicable laws and
regulations governing limitations on product liability.

THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS
PART OF THIS FILE AT ALL TIMES.
